Jetpack: edited changelog for 11.9-a.1 (#28848)
Automattic/jetpack: projects/plugins/jetpack/CHANGELOG.md

## 11.9-a.1 - 2023-02-08
### Enhancements
- Contact form: add a blur effect while the form is loading the styles. [#28212]

> - Form block: include style variations. [#28212]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Form block: add two new style variations. [#28212]
```

- Contact form: reorder export columns in 3 groups: response meta, response field values, and response extra. [#28678]
- VideoPress: add transform control from video block to videopress/video block. [#28691]

### Improved compatibility
- Donations block: remove dependencies on lodash and @wordpress/keycodes [#28667]
- Podcast player block: remove dependency on wp-components from the frontend code [#28740]
- Slideshow block: remove dependency on Lodash [#28665]
- Subscriptions: update subscribe block description. [#28742]

### Bug fixes

> - Subscriptions: fix rendering of subscriber email in .com. [#28761]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Subscriptions: fix rendering of subscriber email on WPcom. [#28761]
```

- Custom CSS: scope Additional CSS submenus to site with a connected owner. [#28757]

### Other changes <!-- Non-user-facing changes go here. This section will not be copied to readme.txt. -->

> - Admin: Add New badge for Odyssey Stats toggle. [#28662]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Admin: add New badge for Odyssey Stats toggle. [#28662]
```

> - AI Block display backend user error. [#28617]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- WPcom: AI Block display backend user error. [#28617]
```
